mina Wadie Subtitled video
Sunday morning rain is falling
Steal some covers share some skin
Clouds are shrouding us in
moments unforgettable
You twist to fit the mold that I am in
But things just get so crazy‚
living life gets hard to do
And I would gladly hit the road‚
get up and go if I knew
That someday it would
lead me back to you
That may be all I need
In darkness she is all I see
Come and rest your bones with me
Driving slow on Sunday morning
And I never want to leave
Fingers trace your every outline
Paint a picture with my hands
Back and forth we sway like
branches in a storm
Change the weather still
together when it ends
That may be all I need
In darkness she is all I see
Come and rest your bones with me
Driving slow on Sunday morning
And I never want to leave
But things just get so crazy‚
living life gets hard to do
Sunday morning rain is falling
and I am calling out to you
Singing someday it′ll
bring me back to you
Find a way to bring myself
back home to you
That may be all I need
In darkness she is all I see
Come and rest your bones with me
Driving slow on Sunday morning
the end thanks